first I'll go over how to turn a plain
paper airfoil wing like this one into a
cellophane plastic tape covered one like
this one or this one and it actually
starts with covering the piece of
foamboard first before you actually even
make the wing now this is ordinary
packing tape this is the common clear
stuff which works fine but of course it
doesn't impart any color it ends up
being a white like the foam board
although not quite as brilliant this is
actually white tape but it comes in a
lot of colors you can get freely find on
the Internet and that ends up with a
pretty nice brilliant shiny color like
this one is the blue tape now the main
trick in this process is getting the
tape to lay down flat and straight and
parallel all the way down the length of
the board I've done with a helper is
probably much easier but the way I've
done it on my own is I just tape it
around the edge of a surface like a desk
or a kitchen island or counter I've used
a piece of half-inch particle board here
and before that you start applying the
tape it's best to ensure that it is the
tape is lined up perfectly with the edge
here that the tape is coming off the
Roll perpendicular to the like the roll
itself and that this is lined up with
where you want the tape to end up going
and that helps to ensure that it goes
all the way down the board straight so
then what you'll do is hold the tape all
the way down and I use a credit card or
a gift card to help put this stuff down
flat if you try to use a finger it tends
to get a wrinkle in it like that and
tends not to lay down flat so I just
take the card put it right on top of the
tape like this and line it up right with
the end of the book so I'm pushing down
with the card the tape is taut and
parallel with the edge of the board just
enough tension to get it flat and then
press it down I usually give it a little
press
right at the end of the board like that
to hold it down and cut this off you'll
see it's applied nice and evenly to the
edge now this end is nice and without
wrinkles so you can just spread that out
like that this end you'll see has well
some wrinkles to it and it seems that
the best way to alleviate that is to
pull a little tension and notice the
tape is really attached to the board
that the foam board sitting on is not
really pushed down to the foam board
itself so that allows you to stretch it
taut like this and then just sort of
smooth it out with your card like that
once it looks like it's pretty wrinkling
bubble free you can take into making
nice long strokes like this next get
ready for your second row of tape like
this and I've left this tape going over
the edge and it's still taped to the
board underneath so lap this about two
millimeters by setting the roll of tape
two millimeters over the adjacent on the
first row of case let me move that a
little bit like this and using the same
method tape over the edge so that the
overlap right there is two millimeters
in the overlap of the roll itself over
the stripe is the same amount and I
usually just kind of eyeball that two or
three millimeters or so a quarter inch
and that helps to ensure that you pull
the tape roll out
and end up down here an overlap at the
same amount that the tape started off
going straight at the other end before
you even started moving and then do that
same trick with the cart pushing it down
nice and flat and once you see that it's
overlap the right amount just push it
right down and give that last little
part a little a little rub to stick it
there and then you can go back and
smooth out the rest if you end up with
any bubbles like this you can just kind
of put a couple little tiny holes in it
let it deflate partly by itself and then
just finish it up with a card like that
you should go right away so depending on
what a perfectionist you are if you want
the tape from the leading edge to
overlap each successive piece of tape
behind it you would actually stop if you
knew how long your cord was stop here
and then start applying the tape from
the outside in like this so that this
would be the leading edge and it would
overlap the lower surface and the upper
surface tape behind it and they would
like fish scales cover each other all
the way back so that this one overlaps
this one overlaps this one and then the
same would apply along the top okay so
I've done the red which will be the top
of the wing and at this point I
transitioned to yellow partly so you
could see it better but this is going to
be the leading edge right here at this
point you want to kind of set in the
tape by using a like a t-shirt or a
cotton cloth or a paper towel just rub
it down all over the place at this point
that tape is going to become one with
the paper if you try and peel it off the
paper is coming with it so this is kind
of the final step before you start
making it into the way
so